# `src/`


## How this directory is organized 

Files in this directory each contain a piece of the Solarized code.  
Each file is named for a specific language, and contains the instructions 
for syntax highlights according to Solarized.  

The only exceptions to this naming scheme are the `_HEAD` and `_TAIL` files. 
These contain the beginning and end of each `*.tmTheme` file, and the only files
that do not contain language-specific code.

The build process automatically generates both the “dark” and “light” flavors
of the Solarized theme from this single set of files.  The files in this
directory contain the colors for the “dark” flavor.  The “light” Solarized theme
is generated by the `build.sh` script, which flips the 4 base pairs of colors.


### Files here are **not** valid (or well-formed) XML

To build the two `*.tmTheme` files, these files are simply concatenated together.
Therefore, they’re *not* valid (or well-formed), but the build results are.

(There are other XML tools, like XInclude, that could combine these files together, as well.  
However, they often require Java, and they're more complicated than necessary here.
The current build method is a nice simple shell script.)


## Use `__«COLOR»__`s

In this directory, nearly all color values are specified using the form `__«COLOR»__`,
where `__«COLOR»__` is one of the color names as seen on 
[the official Solarized color table](http://ethanschoonover.com/solarized#the-values).

During the build process, these placeholders are replaced with their hex color values.

There are a few places where a literal color value is used.  
Occasionally this is desireable--but it should always be the exception, not the rule.  
Use your best judgment.